Task - library 1
Write a program that reads the number of peopleCount and maxAmount from the console.
Then creates peopleCount streams. Every stream is a person, wants to enter the library.
The library has a limit of count of people who can simultaneously be in it - maxAmount.
Each thread should write to the console that it (the person) does.
    came to the entrance to the library
    waiting for the entrance to the library (occurs only if there is no place at the time of coming to the library)
    entered the library
    reads the book (the thread should do this action randomly the amount of time from 1 to 5 seconds)
    left the library.
    
Task - library 2
It is necessary to add a door to the program - entrance / exit to the library.
The door can simultaneously pass 1 flow. Time of passage through the door of the flow = 0.5 seconds).
There are additional actions on the part of the thread that they should write to the console:
     went to the door from the street
     approached the door from the inside
     passes through the door inside
     passes through the door to the outside
     went through the door inside
     walked through the door outside
     
Task - geometry in motion 1
Create a JavaFX application that has one button and a large empty area.
The button - "Multy Threads" generates from 3 to 10 rectangles of random color and size. Expose all rectangles to the empty plane of the window. Rectangles can overlap. Each rectangle has a separate stream that moves the rectangle in one of 4 directions
    Left-up (x-, y-)
    Right-up (x ++, y-)
    Left-down (x-, y ++)
    Right-Down (x ++, y ++)
When the rectangle collides with the program window's wall, the rectangle fires at the appropriate angle (this will always be + or -90 degrees)

Task - geometry in motion 2
     Add second button to the application
     The button is "Single Thread", it creates one additional stream (instead of a set of threads one by one per rectangle) that calculates the movement of each rectangle. Without blocking the main thread.
